the one that passes me is worth here we are in another
zombie guide this time to teach you to
build the new weapon that they have put
ok we are here in the tunnel area
that we arrive we have to go down in
Half of the bus journey is worth
from the beginning there are times that I've
collected can be there where I have
picked up by stairs where will be
m16 too so or if it can not be
between some cars and others but look for it
Well, it's easy to find it here
we would be in the second object is that
it would be like a trigger will work
in plan trigger we are here to make a
totem the map of this that they have put like this
as hidden from astérix if you do not know how
to arrive then I leave you in the annotation here
right now in the description of the video
how to get there we have the second piece
that a colleague collects it so if
we play four as each one as they are
four objects because each one collects one
if we play two then we're going to have to go
adding us so well each one then
he is doing it as he wants it is worth here
well we just picked the second
object here we will be with the third
we will be here in the part of this
of er
of electricity where we activate the
electricity that you will also have a
tutorial to activate it here we collect
a kind of cables that look more
well a thread but we're going to
call the cables there we pick it up what
I pick up in this case so good ya
we will have our third object so
we would only miss the last one to
me is the hardest so it costs
enough attention now in the one that comes
the one that we have right now in screen
we are in the area on the last map
ok we have to go back no
forward but backward and here
we have to go glued to the
left me the beginning and towards the
right and I'm changing to the left
I basically did not know how to get there
but today I tell you from the last map
we go back and we always go
glued to the left do not worry
they attack these bugs that are
quite heavy in my opinion they are worth
very very heavy but good we give
five blades and that's it
we follow on this part the left
always always stuck to the left what
more possible to the left and we continue
until we find a cabin that
will be good there will also be an ax for
Hence we can not and do not see here
ax cabin out there
and well inside this cabin
will be the bowie crop that if any
I knew it
there it is shining in blue blue
and he good
the valve the odometer what
be this that it is a strange little object
Well, it's here where I'm going to take it or
in the
on the stove well in the fireplace good
we pick up the fourth object and then
we would go directly to build it
everything is fine to fit all the
objects to combine them is worth so now
same as this we are waiting for
come on
another colleague to pick it up so nothing
now he will come to pick it up and see you
as I tell you in the creation of
our object here we are
we have to create it here
obligatorily here it's worth in this area
in the bar that we have to buy and
simply because what we have to
to do is with all the objects that we have
gathered the four of us, we're going
placing in this creation table and
we are adding the pieces until placing
the four here put the last one and already
Well, do not let me catch it. I 'll call it
jet boom because the name in spanish is
quite long and not to mess up what
dunga and it gives me in the parrot is the first
Once I used it, it absorbs
the zombies and as I just said
it's the first one I used and did not
I knew that it overheated and you look
it will last me fifteen seconds look
and I will gun
seriously I did not know how to use it and
that's why it's gone so I do not expect anything
that you liked this tutorial
vote them if you liked to comment if
you have any doubt and pass it some
colleague that I suppose will serve you
quite so nothing greetings at all
and see you in the next tutorial what
let it be goodbye